# [115087] [Test Case 2] Validation and Replication results

> Some useful links:
> - [Official Data and Code Availability Policy](https://www.aeaweb.org/journals/policies/data-code)
> - [Step by step guidance](https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/) 
> - [Template README](https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/template_README/)

SUMMARY
-------

> The openICPSR submission process has changed. If you have not already done so, please "Change Status -> Submit to AEA" from your deposit Workspace.


General
-------

> [SUGGESTED] A recommended README template for replication packages in economics can be found on the [Social Science Data Editor Github site](https://social-science-data-editors.github.io/guidance/template-README.html).

Data description
----------------

### Data Sources

- Unclear provenance 
- Dataset containing experiment results is  provided
- Articles containing this data are cited in the paper: Andrews & Kasy (2019)

[SUGGESTED] Please add citations of the supplementary data used in the article. Guidance on how to cite supplementary data is provided in AEA Sample References.

### Analysis Data Files


- [ ] No analysis data file mentioned
- [ ] Analysis data files mentioned, not provided (explain reasons below)
- [x] Analysis data files mentioned, provided. File names listed below.

```
econ_experiments_data.csv

Data deposit
------------

> INSTRUCTIONS: Most deposits will be at openICPSR, but all need to be checked for complete metadata. Detailed guidance is at [https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/](https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/). 

### Requirements 

> INSTRUCTIONS: Check that these requirements are met. 

- [x] README is in TXT, MD, PDF format
- [ ] openICPSR deposit has no ZIP files
- [ ] Title conforms to guidance (starts with "Data and Code for:" or "Code for:", is properly capitalized)
- [ ] Authors (with affiliations) are listed in the same order as on the paper


> [REQUIRED] openICPSR should not have ZIP files visible. ZIP files should be uploaded to openICPSR via "Import from ZIP" instead of "Upload Files". Please delete the ZIP files, and re-upload using the "Import from ZIP" function.

> [REQUIRED] Please review the title of the openICPSR deposit as per our guidelines (below).

> [REQUIRED] Please review authors and affiliations on the openICPSR deposit. In general, they are the same, and in the same order, as for the manuscript; however, authors can deviate from that order.


> Detailed guidance is at [https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/](https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/). 

### Deposit Metadata

- [ ] JEL Classification (required)
- [ ] Manuscript Number (required)
- [ ] Subject Terms (highly recommended)
- [ ] Geographic coverage (highly recommended)
- [ ] Time period(s) (highly recommended)
- [ ] Collection date(s) (suggested)
- [ ] Universe (suggested)
- [ ] Data Type(s) (suggested)
- [ ] Data Source (suggested)
- [ ] Units of Observation (suggested)

> INSTRUCTIONS: Go through the checklist above, and then choose ONE of the following results:

- [NOTE] openICPSR metadata is sufficient.

or

- [REQUIRED] Please update the openICPSR metadata fields marked as (required), in order to improve findability of your data and code supplement. 

and/or

- [SUGGESTED] We suggest you update the openICPSR metadata fields marked as (highly recommended), in order to improve findability of your data and code supplement. 
- [SUGGESTED] We suggest you update the openICPSR metadata fields marked as (suggested), in order to improve findability of your data and code supplement. 


For additional guidance, see [https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/data-deposit-aea-guidance.html](https://aeadataeditor.github.io/aea-de-guidance/data-deposit-aea-guidance.html).

Data checks
-----------

- Data can be read using excel, Data is in csv format
- Data does not have variable labels but these are added in the code provided

Code description
----------------
- There are two provided matlab .m files
- Inline result presented in section 3 is generated by the code
- Plot 4 does not render as there is an error

Stated Requirements
---------------------

> INSTRUCTIONS: The authors may have specified specific requirements in terms of software, computer hardware, etc. Please list them here. This is **different** from the Computing Environment of the Replicator. You have the option to amend these with unstated requirements later. If all requirements are listed, check the box "Requirements are complete".

- [x] No requirements specified
- [ ] Software Requirements specified as follows:
- [ ] Computational Requirements specified as follows:
  - Cluster size, etc.
- [ ] Time Requirements specified as follows:
  - Length of necessary computation (hours, weeks, etc.)
- [ ] Requirements are complete.

> If easier, simply copy-and-paste the authors' stated requirements here:


Missing Requirements
--------------------

- [ ] Software Requirements 
  - [x] Matlab (Inferred)
    - [x] Version
- [ ] Computational Requirements specified as follows:
  - Cluster size, disk size, memory size, etc.
- [ ] Time Requirements 
  - Length of necessary computation (hours, weeks, etc.)

> [REQUIRED] Please amend README to contain complete requirements. 

You can copy the section above, amended if necessary.

Computing Environment of the Replicator
---------------------

- CodeOcean compute capsule on 14 Jul 2021 running Ubuntu 18.04
- MATLAB 2019a


Replication steps
-----------------


1. Downloded zip file containing code and data from email received.
2. Unzipped folder.
3. Uploaded .m code files and csv dataset to CodeOcean compute capsule
4. Edited directory for data retrieval in code file econ_experiments.m 
5. Code ran to deliver results in section 3
6. Ran code file named line_fewer_markers.m which generated the following error:

>Not enough input arguments.

>Error in line_fewer_markers (line 65)
>if  isvector(x) &&  isvector(y)

Findings
--------

### Data Preparation Code

There is no data preparation code provided 

- Program `econ_experiments.m` ran without error, output expected data
- Program `line_fewer_markers.m` failed to produce any output


### Figures

- Figure 1: no program provided
- Figure 2: no program provided
- Figure 3: no program provided
- Figure 4: program failed to run
- Figure A.1: no program provided
- Figure A.2: no program provided

### In-Text Numbers

[ ] There are no in-text numbers, or all in-text numbers stem from tables and figures.

[x] There are in-text numbers, but they are not identified in the code

- Page 19, line 2: Same
- Other in-line numbers not in output


Classification
--------------

- [ ] full reproduction
- [ ] full reproduction with minor issues
- [x] partial reproduction (see above)
- [ ] not able to reproduce most or all of the results (reasons see above)

### Reason for incomplete reproducibility

- [ ] `Discrepancy in output` (either figures or numbers in tables or text differ)
- [ ] `Bugs in code`  that  were fixable by the replicator (but should be fixed in the final deposit)
- [ ] `Code missing`, in particular if it  prevented the replicator from completing the reproducibility check
  - [ ] `Data preparation code missing` should be checked if the code missing seems to be data preparation code
- [x] `Code not functional` is more severe than a simple bug: it  prevented the replicator from completing the reproducibility check
- [ ] `Software not available to replicator`  may happen for a variety of reasons, but in particular (a) when the software is commercial, and the replicator does not have access to a licensed copy, or (b) the software is open-source, but a specific version required to conduct the reproducibility check is not available.
- [ ] `Insufficient time available to replicator` is applicable when (a) running the code would take weeks or more (b) running the code might take less time if sufficient compute resources were to be brought to bear, but no such resources can be accessed in a timely fashion (c) the replication package is very complex, and following all (manual and scripted) steps would take too long.
- [ ] `Data missing` is marked when data *should* be available, but was erroneously not provided, or is not accessible via the procedures described in the replication package
- [ ] `Data not available` is marked when data requires additional access steps, for instance purchase or application procedure. 
